[Music] Hey
guys how are you and
well I'm going to talk about the topic that
everyone is asking me I don't know
where this commotion is coming from and honestly I'm
going to give you my opinion with my hand on my
heart and with total sincerity and
being as fair as possible you know
that here on this channel we don't only seek to be
able to make a living from YouTube but to see
truthfulness not in a way that you have
information that more or less can
help you stay up to date but if I
put one up let's see I could invent
a lot of things but that's not the case no
suddenly a rumor has broken out on the net it's
getting stronger about a breakup between
Fidel and Rocío Carrasco but not
only that they have broken up but
also that Fidel would be with Anabel Dueñas he would have
left the house where he lives
with Rocío Carrasco with Anabel Dueñas they
would have both moved in together
because they are in love that's what
they're saying no I'm not giving the
news I want to make it very clear I
'm giving you my opinion because this is being
viewed too much for my
taste  It's true that I was looking for a
bit of a
source and where this news comes from and
honestly what I've seen comes from three
characters that simply by seeing their
way of expressing themselves and the trust,
let's call it that, that they can
transmit to me, well, it's not much. Okay, with
this I'm not saying that the
information is false but they are
characters that apart from not
transmitting a good impression, a good
image, a good impression, they come across as
very geeky, they already have a history of having
made
false headlines, serious accusations and
atrocities in order to earn a few bucks, okay,
then the fact that you have
these antecedents, well, it doesn't
give me confidence. This, on the one hand, okay,
accusations of taking drugs, accusations
of crimes, news that Román has invented
invented horns, man, I
now that people give credibility to
this source and that source, well, they say
no, that they have an infiltrator in Telecinco,
that they have an infiltrator in a cafeteria
and it's like, okay, okay, let's
see if that is the
infiltrator that you have, I'm not saying that
the news is a lie but really I would
still take it with a grain of salt because there
is no proof and there is nothing to
support this information, the only thing we
have is that Rocío Carrasco  in the
last gala she didn't appear the
premiere of that chapter was made without her in the
last gala she didn't appear the rumor that they
are a trio it has always existed
on the networks and on television it has always been
talked about as if they were something
special not like many people didn't
understand that Anabel Dueña could
live with them no and that they had her
as almost adopted not speaking
metaphorically
but from there to there having been a
breakup because the documentary has some
murky waters and that they have set fire to the two
together is that the translation could be
as simple as that Rocío Carrasco the
day she gets angry then obviously
Fidel will go with Anabel but whether he is
in love or not because they both go away
together and the dryness Rossi tone then there
is a lot of speculation about what would be
done with the money since everything is in
Fidel's name man there there we would
see there we would see because the
trust was placed in Rocío Carrasco
to whom by putting Fidel everything in his name or
rather when you put the entire name of
a person you trust that if one day
something happens I have
that separating gives it back to you another day I don't know I don't know how that works but I have a family be careful with information okay the truth is that at the moment I can't find a reliable source if you find something pass it on to me but I put it very very very in quarantine but very in quarantine okay I don't want to
deny it completely in case it's
real but I put it very in quarantine and
right now my opinion leans more towards no
than yes I will be reading you I mean
many of you what you think and I send you a
big hug until the next
video
[Music]